Return-Path: <linux-hwmon-owner@vger.kernel.org>
X-Original-To: lists+linux-hwmon@lfdr.de
Delivered-To: lists+linux-hwmon@lfdr.de
Received: from vger.kernel.org (vger.kernel.org [23.128.96.18])
	by mail.lfdr.de (Postfix) with ESMTP id 0F62942BF28
	for <lists+linux-hwmon@lfdr.de>; Wed, 13 Oct 2021 13:47:14 +0200 (CEST)
Received: (majordomo@vger.kernel.org) by vger.kernel.org via listexpand
        id S230236AbhJMLtP (ORCPT <rfc822;lists+linux-hwmon@lfdr.de>);
        Wed, 13 Oct 2021 07:49:15 -0400
Received: from mga18.intel.com ([134.134.136.126]:44176 "EHLO mga18.intel.com"
        rhost-flags-OK-OK-OK-OK) by vger.kernel.org with ESMTP
        id S231644AbhJMLsO (ORCPT <rfc822;linux-hwmon@vger.kernel.org>);
        Wed, 13 Oct 2021 07:48:14 -0400
X-IronPort-AV: E=McAfee;i="6200,9189,10135"; a="214350187"
X-IronPort-AV: E=Sophos;i="5.85,370,1624345200"; 
   d="scan'208";a="214350187"
Received: from orsmga003.jf.intel.com ([10.7.209.27])
  by orsmga106.jf.intel.com with ESMTP/TLS/ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384; 13 Oct 2021 04:46:11 -0700
X-ExtLoop1: 1
X-IronPort-AV: E=Sophos;i="5.85,370,1624345200"; 
   d="scan'208";a="442247574"
Received: from lkp-server02.sh.intel.com (HELO 08b2c502c3de) ([10.239.97.151])
  by orsmga003.jf.intel.com with ESMTP; 13 Oct 2021 04:46:10 -0700
Received: from kbuild by 08b2c502c3de with local (Exim 4.92)
        (envelope-from <lkp@intel.com>)
        id 1maci1-0004ZX-UL; Wed, 13 Oct 2021 11:46:09 +0000
Date:   Wed, 13 Oct 2021 19:45:14 +0800
From:   kernel test robot <lkp@intel.com>
To:     Guenter Roeck <linux@roeck-us.net>
Cc:     linux-hwmon@vger.kernel.org
Subject: [groeck-staging:hwmon-next] BUILD SUCCESS
 beee7890c36320fe08d9cce82afa1db848360bfb
Message-ID: <6166c6ca.hee8tJKqa9jBI3FR%lkp@intel.com>
User-Agent: Heirloom mailx 12.5 6/20/10
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Precedence: bulk
List-ID: <linux-hwmon.vger.kernel.org>
X-Mailing-List: linux-hwmon@vger.kernel.org

tree/branch: https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/groeck/linux-staging.git hwmon-next
branch HEAD: beee7890c36320fe08d9cce82afa1db848360bfb  hwmon: (adt7x10) Make adt7x10_remove() return void

elapsed time: 1226m

configs tested: 159
configs skipped: 3

The following configs have been built successfully.
More configs may be tested in the coming days.

gcc tested configs:
arm                                 defconfig
arm64                            allyesconfig
arm64                               defconfig
arm                              allyesconfig
arm                              allmodconfig
i386                 randconfig-c001-20211012
i386                 randconfig-c001-20211013
mips                        workpad_defconfig
m68k                         apollo_defconfig
powerpc                 linkstation_defconfig
arm                           sama5_defconfig
arm                        mvebu_v5_defconfig
arm                        shmobile_defconfig
sh                          r7780mp_defconfig
mips                      malta_kvm_defconfig
arm                           sama7_defconfig
powerpc                     mpc5200_defconfig
xtensa                generic_kc705_defconfig
arm                            mmp2_defconfig
powerpc                      makalu_defconfig
s390                          debug_defconfig
mips                           mtx1_defconfig
parisc                generic-32bit_defconfig
xtensa                  audio_kc705_defconfig
powerpc                     tqm8548_defconfig
powerpc                     tqm8560_defconfig
powerpc                 mpc8560_ads_defconfig
powerpc                       holly_defconfig
arm                            dove_defconfig
ia64                            zx1_defconfig
arm                       mainstone_defconfig
sh                          urquell_defconfig
arm                        realview_defconfig
arm                          exynos_defconfig
m68k                           sun3_defconfig
m68k                          atari_defconfig
ia64                        generic_defconfig
sparc64                          alldefconfig
mips                        bcm47xx_defconfig
mips                          ath25_defconfig
arm                      tct_hammer_defconfig
csky                             alldefconfig
arm                         lpc32xx_defconfig
arm                       multi_v4t_defconfig
sh                        sh7785lcr_defconfig
powerpc                      tqm8xx_defconfig
arm                            pleb_defconfig
mips                      bmips_stb_defconfig
powerpc                 mpc834x_mds_defconfig
powerpc                      ep88xc_defconfig
sh                          kfr2r09_defconfig
powerpc                      mgcoge_defconfig
arm                          simpad_defconfig
mips                           ip22_defconfig
powerpc                     tqm5200_defconfig
sh                   secureedge5410_defconfig
powerpc                       ppc64_defconfig
mips                         cobalt_defconfig
arm                          gemini_defconfig
powerpc               mpc834x_itxgp_defconfig
mips                      pic32mzda_defconfig
mips                        nlm_xlp_defconfig
mips                         tb0287_defconfig
sh                          r7785rp_defconfig
powerpc                     tqm8555_defconfig
arm                         s3c2410_defconfig
arm                            mps2_defconfig
arm                           corgi_defconfig
powerpc                       ebony_defconfig
powerpc                       eiger_defconfig
mips                            e55_defconfig
arm                  randconfig-c002-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-c001-20211012
ia64                             allmodconfig
ia64                                defconfig
ia64                             allyesconfig
m68k                                defconfig
m68k                             allmodconfig
m68k                             allyesconfig
nios2                               defconfig
nds32                             allnoconfig
arc                              allyesconfig
nds32                               defconfig
csky                                defconfig
alpha                               defconfig
alpha                            allyesconfig
nios2                            allyesconfig
h8300                            allyesconfig
arc                                 defconfig
sh                               allmodconfig
xtensa                           allyesconfig
parisc                              defconfig
s390                             allyesconfig
s390                             allmodconfig
parisc                           allyesconfig
s390                                defconfig
sparc                            allyesconfig
sparc                               defconfig
i386                                defconfig
i386                             allyesconfig
mips                             allyesconfig
mips                             allmodconfig
powerpc                          allyesconfig
powerpc                          allmodconfig
powerpc                           allnoconfig
x86_64               randconfig-a004-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a006-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a001-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a005-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a002-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a003-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a001-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a003-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a004-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a005-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a002-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a006-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a015-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a012-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a016-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a014-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a013-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a011-20211013
arc                  randconfig-r043-20211012
riscv                    nommu_k210_defconfig
riscv                            allyesconfig
riscv                    nommu_virt_defconfig
riscv                             allnoconfig
riscv                               defconfig
riscv                          rv32_defconfig
riscv                            allmodconfig
um                           x86_64_defconfig
um                             i386_defconfig
x86_64                           allyesconfig
x86_64                    rhel-8.3-kselftests
x86_64                              defconfig
x86_64                               rhel-8.3
x86_64                                  kexec

clang tested configs:
i386                 randconfig-a001-20211013
i386                 randconfig-a003-20211013
i386                 randconfig-a004-20211013
i386                 randconfig-a002-20211013
i386                 randconfig-a006-20211013
x86_64               randconfig-a015-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a012-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a016-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a014-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a013-20211012
x86_64               randconfig-a011-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a016-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a014-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a011-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a015-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a012-20211012
i386                 randconfig-a013-20211012
hexagon              randconfig-r041-20211012
s390                 randconfig-r044-20211012
riscv                randconfig-r042-20211012
hexagon              randconfig-r045-20211012

---
0-DAY CI Kernel Test Service, Intel Corporation
https://lists.01.org/hyperkitty/list/kbuild-all@lists.01.org
